git : Global Information Tracker
git hub : GitHub is a cloud-based hosting service that lets you manage Git repositories.
difference between git and github : Git is a version control system that lets you manage and keep track of your source code history. GitHub is a cloud-based hosting service that lets you manage Git repositories.
git add : The git add command adds a change in the working diretcory to thr staging area.
git log : The git log command is used to display the commits.
git show : Show the changes and address of the files.
git --oneline : show the details of program in single line.
cat : used to display the contents of the file,copy content from one file to another.
git commit -m "msg" : It is a command used to commit appropriate messages.  
git status : The git status command displays the state of working directory and staging directory. 
git checkout : The git checkout coomand is used to switch between branches in a repsoitory.
git init : Git init is used to Initialize an empty git repository.
git clone : It is nothing but copying the content from the remote repository on to your local machine
git merge : Used to combine the history of one branch into another branch.
git fetch : Used to access the details of the remote repository.
git remote : The git remote command lets you create,view,and delete connections to other repositories.
git push : It is used to send the files from local machine to  remote repository.
git pull : Is used to fetch and download content from a remote repository to local machine.
git rebase : It is nothing but taking one branch and adding it to the tip of the main branches.It is used to integrate changes from one branch into another. 
git stash : changes you have made to your current working so you can work on something else,and then come back and remodify them later.
How to set username and email address in git? : git config --global user.name "name"
                                                git config --global user.mail "email"
                                                
